cocklebur: A coarse, composite weed, having a rough or prickly fruit; oneof several species of the genus Xanthium; -- called also clotbur.
contemningly: Contemptuously. [R.]
confer: To have discourse; to consult; to compare views; to deliberate.Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered. Acts xxv.12.You shall hear us confer of this. Shak.
phelloplastics: Art of modeling in cork.
dielectric: Any substance or medium that transmits the electric force by aprocess different from conduction, as in the phenomena of induction;a nonconductor. separating a body electrified by induction, from theelectrifying body.
pecunious: Abounding in money; wealthy; rich. [Obs.] Sherwood.
reptilia: A class of air-breathing oviparous vertebrates, usually coveredwith scales or bony plates. The heart generally has two auricles andone ventricle. The development of the young is the same as that ofbirds.
bombace: Cotton; padding. [Obs.]
ringingly: In a ringing manner.
edentalous: See Edentate, a.
resist: To make opposition. Shak.
wreaken: p. p. of Wreak. Chaucer.
heterocera: A division of Lepidoptera, including the moths, and hawk moths,which have the antennæ variable in form.
sinew: A tendon or tendonous tissue. See Tendon.
statarianly: Fixedly; steadly. [Obs.]
bailpiece: A piece of parchment, or paper, containing a recognizance orbail bond.
trash: To follow with violence and trampling. [R.] The Puritan (1607).
winnard: The redwing. [Prov. Eng.]
eatage: Eatable growth of grass for horses and cattle, esp. that ofaftermath.
margay: An American wild cat (Felis tigrina), ranging from Mexico toBrazil. It is spotted with black. Called also long-tailed cat.
exsanguineous: Destitute of blood; anæmic; exsanguious.
segmented: Divided into segments or joints; articulated.
trass: A white to gray volcanic tufa, formed of decomposed trachyticcinders; -- sometimes used as a cement. Hence, a coarse sort ofplaster or mortar, durable in water, and used to line cisterns andother reservoirs of water. [Formerly written also tarras, tarrace,terras.]
mososaurus: Same as Mosasaurus.
commender: One who commends or praises.
wheelman: One who rides a bicycle or tricycle; a cycler, or cyclist.
sinking: from Sink. Sinking fund. See under Fund.-- Sinking head (Founding), a riser from which the mold is fed asthe casting shrinks. See Riser, n., 4.-- Sinking pump, a pump which can be lowered in a well or a mineshaft as the level of the water sinks.
opiferous: Bringing help. [R.]
mortmal: See Mormal. [Obs.] B. Jonson.
interlay: To lay or place among or between. Daniel.
overgreatness: Excessive greatness.
mazy: Perplexed with turns and windings; winding; intricate;confusing; perplexing; embarrassing; as, mazy error. Milton.To range amid the mazy thicket. Spenser.To run the ring, and trace the mazy round. Dryden.
pinguicula: See Butterwort.
centenarian: Of or relating to a hundred years.-- n.
metastatic: Of, pertaining to, or caused by, metastasis; as, a metastaticabscess; the metastatic processes of growth.
irremissible: Not remissible; unpardonable; as, irremissible crimes. Burke.-- Ir`re*mis"si*ble, n.-- Ir`re*mis"si*bly, adv.
chief: The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to becomposed of the dexter, sinister, and middle chiefs. In chief. (a) Atthe head; as, a commander in chief. (b) (Eng. Law) From the king, orsovereign; as, tenure in chief, tenure directly from the king.
back-fire: To have or experience a back fire or back fires; -- said of aninternal-combustion engine.
petre: See Saltpeter.
quadruplane: An aëroplane with four superposed main supporting surfaces.
vocative: Of or pertaining to calling; used in calling; specifically(Gram.), used in address; appellative; -- said of that case or formof the noun, pronoun, or adjective, in which a person or thing isaddressed; as, Domine, O Lord.
uppertendom: The highest class in society; the upper ten. See Upper ten,under Upper. [Colloq.]
sarcous: Fleshy; -- applied to the minute stryctural elements, calledsarcous elements, or sarcous disks, of which striated muscular fiberis composed.
milfoil: A common composite herb (Achillea Millefolium) with whiteflowers and finely dissected leaves; yarrow. Water milfoil (Bot.), anaquatic herb with dissected leaves (Myriophyllum).
themselves: The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See Himself,Herself, Itself.
ipecac: An abbreviation of Ipecacuanha, and in more frequent use.
